# Loadables

## Definiton
Loadables represent (as expected) anything that can be loaded on a web page (and the page itself).

## Naming Convention
This project follows the following naming convention for loadables:
- *Loadable: Super-object that can represent multiple types of loadables (such as a page and a component).
- *Component: Object that represents a loadable that does not include the scope of an entire page (such as a login form).
- *Overlay: Object that represents a loadable that is "overlayed" onto a page in some fashion. Note that this is not
implementation-specific and is merely a naming convention. This is not used to represent the type of alert dialog
that is generated by calling the JS function `alert()`. Overlays are subclasses of components.
- *Page: Object that represents a loadable page.

## Classes
Note about the following classes: since abstract classes don't exist in Ruby, these are classes that extend the class
`Abstract` (which can be found in `util/abstract_class.rb`) and call a missing method `__abstract__`. These classes will
raise an `InstantiationError` when `initialize` is called if `__abstract__` is called in the `self.class` being
instantiated.

### AbstractLoadable
The most super object in the loadable hierarchy. Every loadable is a subclass of AbstractLoadable.

### AbstractComponent
The most super component in the component hierarchy. Every component is a subclass of AbstractComponent.

### AbstractOverlay
The most super overlay in the overlay hierarchy. Every overlay is a subclass of AbstractOverlay.

### AbstractPage
The most super page in the page hierarchy. Every page is a subclass of AbstractPage.

## Inheritance Tree

```
AbstractLoadable
  \- AbstractComponent
       \- AbstractOverlay
  \- AbstractPage
```